app/code/local/AnattaDesign/AwesomeCheckout/                              app/code/local/AnattaDesign/AwesomeCheckout/
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/anattadesign_awesomecheckout.xml  app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/anattadesign_awesomecheckout.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/anattadesign_awesomecheckout/     app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/anattadesign_awesomecheckout/
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/   app/design/frontend/base/default/template/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/
app/etc/modules/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.xml                          app/etc/modules/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.xml
js/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/                                          js/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/
media/anattadesign/geoip/                                                 media/anattadesign/geoip/
media/anattadesign/logo/                                                  media/anattadesign/logo/
skin/frontend/base/default/css/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/              skin/frontend/base/default/css/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/
skin/frontend/base/default/images/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/           skin/frontend/base/default/images/anattadesign/awesomecheckout/
app/locale/de_DE/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/de_DE/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/en_AU/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/en_AU/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/en_CA/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/en_CA/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/en_GB/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/en_GB/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/en_US/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/en_US/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_ES/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/es_ES/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/fr_FR/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/it_IT/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/it_IT/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/pt_BR/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv                         app/locale/ru_RU/AnattaDesign_AwesomeCheckout.csv
app/code/local/AnattaDesign/MultipleHandles/                              app/code/local/AnattaDesign/MultipleHandles/
app/etc/modules/AnattaDesign_MultipleHandles.xml                          app/etc/modules/AnattaDesign_MultipleHandles.xml
